# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 68ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 172ms
  [gap of 70ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 243ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 36ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-variant-model 14ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 132ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 137ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 43ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 61ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 78ms
  [gap of 44ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 122ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 67ms
  [gap of 45ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 112ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 38ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 76ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 51ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 29ms
    create-X86-model 22ms
    [gap of 10ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 123ms
  [gap of 53ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 177ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-variant-model 20ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    [gap of 29ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 197ms
  [gap of 113ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 311ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 51ms]
    create-variant-model 14ms
    [gap of 27ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 101ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    [gap of 37ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 81ms
  [gap of 47ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 128ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 48ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 12ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 70ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 76ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-X86-model 26ms
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-variant-model 32ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 20ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 232ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 272ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 28ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 91ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 96ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 11ms
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-variant-model 14ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 89ms
  [gap of 35ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 124ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 40ms]
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 75ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 90ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 18ms
    [gap of 36ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 12ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 97ms
  [gap of 42ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 140ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 96ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 103ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 85ms
  [gap of 36ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 122ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 60ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 21ms
    create-variant-model 24ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 121ms
  [gap of 43ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 165ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-variant-model 21ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 166ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 180ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    [gap of 51ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 74ms
  [gap of 43ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 117ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 70ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 67ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 77ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 117ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

